{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <!DOCTYPE html>\
<html lang="en">\
<head>\
    <meta charset="UTF-8">\
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">\
    <title>Jennifer Leche - Your Metro Louisville Real Estate Expert</title>\
    <style>\
        body \{\
            font-family: Arial, sans-serif;\
            margin: 0;\
            padding: 0;\
            background-color: #f9f9f9;\
            color: #333;\
            line-height: 1.6;\
        \}\
        header \{\
            background-color: #e0f7fa;\
            color: #00796b;\
            padding: 20px 0;\
            text-align: center;\
        \}\
        header h1 \{\
            margin: 0;\
            font-size: 2em;\
        \}\
        nav \{\
            background-color: #004d40;\
            overflow: hidden;\
        \}\
        nav a \{\
            float: left;\
            display: block;\
            color: #fff;\
            text-align: center;\
            padding: 14px 16px;\
            text-decoration: none;\
            font-size: 1.1em;\
        \}\
        nav a:hover \{\
            background-color: #00251a;\
        \}\
        .container \{\
            padding: 20px;\
            max-width: 1200px;\
            margin: auto;\
        \}\
        .section \{\
            margin-bottom: 40px;\
            padding: 20px;\
            background: #ffffff;\
            border: 1px solid #ddd;\
            border-radius: 5px;\
        \}\
        .section h2 \{\
            border-bottom: 2px solid #00796b;\
            padding-bottom: 10px;\
            color: #00796b;\
            font-size: 1.8em;\
        \}\
        .footer \{\
            background-color: #004d40;\
            color: #fff;\
            text-align: center;\
            padding: 10px 0;\
            position: fixed;\
            width: 100%;\
            bottom: 0;\
        \}\
        .contact-info p, .contact-info a \{\
            font-size: 1.2em;\
        \}\
    </style>\
</head>\
<body>\
    <header>\
        <h1>Jennifer Leche - Metro Louisville Real Estate Expert</h1>\
        <p>Your Friendly Resource for All Things Residential Real Estate</p>\
    </header>\
    <nav>\
        <a href="#about">About Me</a>\
        <a href="#cps">Certified Probate Specialist</a>\
        <a href="#sres">Senior Housing Specialist</a>\
        <a href="#services">Services Offered</a>\
        <a href="#testimonials">Testimonials</a>\
        <a href="#contact">Contact</a>\
        <a href="#blog">Blog</a>\
    </nav>\
    <div class="container">\
        <section id="about" class="section">\
            <h2>About Me</h2>\
            <p>Hello! I'm Jennifer Leche, a licensed REALTOR\'ae at RE/MAX Properties East, specializing in the Metro Louisville market, including Kentucky and Indiana. With over 10 years of experience in real estate and a strong background as a former loan officer, I bring a comprehensive understanding of both the buying and selling processes. My passion lies in helping first-time buyers achieve their homeownership dreams. Living and working in Oldham County, I cherish the country living experience and strive to be your go-to resource for all things residential real estate.</p>\
        </section>\
        <section id="cps" class="section">\
            <h2>Certified Probate Specialist</h2>\
            <p>As a Certified Probate Specialist (CPS), I have the expertise to navigate the complexities of probate real estate transactions. Whether you're an executor, heir, or attorney, I provide compassionate guidance and professional services to ensure a smooth and efficient process. My goal is to alleviate the stress associated with probate real estate, helping you make informed decisions every step of the way.</p>\
        </section>\
        <section id="sres" class="section">\
            <h2>Senior Housing Specialist (SRES)</h2>\
            <p>With my SRES designation, I am dedicated to assisting seniors and their families with their unique real estate needs. Whether you're looking to downsize, relocate, or find a suitable senior community, I offer specialized services tailored to seniors. My approach is centered on empathy, patience, and a deep understanding of the financial and emotional aspects involved in senior housing transitions.</p>\
        </section>\
        <section id="services" class="section">\
            <h2>Services Offered</h2>\
            <ul>\
                <li>Home Buying and Selling</li>\
                <li>Probate Real Estate Transactions</li>\
                <li>Senior Housing Assistance</li>\
                <li>First-Time Homebuyer Guidance</li>\
                <li>Market Analysis and Pricing Strategy</li>\
                <li>Residential and Commercial Leasing</li>\
            </ul>\
        </section>\
        <section id="testimonials" class="section">\
            <h2>Testimonials</h2>\
            <p>"Jennifer was amazing! She helped us buy our first home and made the process so easy and stress-free. We couldn't have done it without her!" - Sarah & John M.</p>\
            <p>"As the executor of an estate, I was overwhelmed by the probate process. Jennifer's expertise and compassion were invaluable. She handled everything with professionalism and care." - Michael R.</p>\
            <p>"Jennifer helped my parents downsize and find a lovely senior community. Her patience and understanding made a difficult transition much easier for our family." - Lisa T.</p>\
        </section>\
        <section id="contact" class="section">\
            <h2>Contact</h2>\
            <p>If you're looking for a trusted real estate professional in the Metro Louisville area, I'd love to help you achieve your goals. Reach out to me today!</p>\
            <div class="contact-info">\
                <p>Email: <a href="mailto:jennifer.leche@remax.com">jennifer.leche@remax.com</a></p>\
                <p>Phone: (123) 456-7890</p>\
                <p>Office Name: RE/MAX Properties East</p>\
                <p>Office Address: 10525 Timberwood Circle, Louisville, KY 40223</p>\
                <p>Follow me on social media:</p>\
                <ul>\
                    <li><a href="#">Facebook</a></li>\
                    <li><a href="#">Twitter</a></li>\
                    <li><a href="#">LinkedIn</a></li>\
                </ul>\
            </div>\
        </section>\
        <section id="blog" class="section">\
            <h2>Blog</h2>\
            <p>Coming soon! Stay tuned for tips, insights, and updates on the Metro Louisville real estate market.</p>\
        </section>\
    </div>\
    <div class="footer">\
        &copy; 2024 Jennifer Leche. All rights reserved.\
    </div>\
</body>\
</html>\
}